## Summer school project - Canari 

LINK TO THE WEBSITE : https://canari.netlify.app/


###
Depression is a serious and common mental disorder and needs proper care and treatment. It is treatable; around 80 to 90% patients diagnosed with depression eventually respond well to the medical treatment. medication, psychotherapy and electroconvulsive therapy can help patients feel better over a period of time but the full effect cannot be seen for one or two months. It is important for patients to clearly communicate with their psychiatrist in case they do not feel any better or if the situation drastically worsens after being prescribed to antidepressants. This helps psychiatrists decide the changes in the medication type or dosage[6]. In this current process of treatment, we believe that our solution ‘Canari : Your digital companion in mental health’ can be helpful to both the practitioners and patients to understand the improvement and milestones during the treatment. 
###
In this report we explore the solution in detail by discussing the problem it can solve, which is the lack of monitoring and data gathering methods about patients throughout the treatment. We also discuss the technology involving phone sensors that sets us apart from the existing solutions available in the same arena. The business model analysis in the report gives a better idea about the size of the market we are planning to achieve. Starting with Estonia, we plan to expand over Europe and eventually acquire the global market. With a solid prototype we would approach European investors for seed funding, we then plan to co-develop the application with an Estonian mental healthcare institution. Based on the estimated revenue details, financial planning discussed in the report, we plan to be a financially sustainable company by the end of 2025. We intend to make our solution reusable and open-source but keeping copyrights and trademarks on the solution design and data usage to protect the brand in the public space. We discuss the possible risks such as market expansion rate in a digitized environment, legal implications, privacy and user data security, etc in detail. Our immediate future steps include validating our solution by presenting it during conferences like Latitude59 and approaching the right investors and health care institutions. 


